Kubernetes Installer v2023.02.16-0 release notes (#961)
replicatedhq/replicated-docs: docs/release-notes/rn-kubernetes-installer.md

# Kubernetes Installer Release Notes

## v2023.02.16-0

Released on February 16, 2023

### New Features {#new-features-v2023-02-16-0}
* Adds [MinIO add-on](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/minio) version RELEASE.2023-02-10T18-48-39Z.

> * Warn the user if there is likely to be insufficient space to upgrade Rook by many versions.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Warn the user if there is likely to be insufficient space to upgrade Rook multiple versions.
```

# Kubernetes Installer Release Notes

## v2023.02.16-0

Released on February 16, 2023

### New Features {#new-features-v2023-02-16-0}
* Adds [MinIO add-on](https://kurl.sh/docs/add-ons/minio) version RELEASE.2023-02-10T18-48-39Z.
* Warn the user if there is likely to be insufficient space to upgrade Rook many versions.

> * Adds new command to kurl binary to get hostname `kurl host hostname`.

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
```

This is not useful for end users so I think we should removed

### Bug Fixes {#bug-fixes-v2023-02-16-0}

> * Fixes a misconfigured in the kubelet that causes Kubernetes to garbage collect the pause image causing new containers to fail to start and get stuck in ContainerCreating state.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Fixes a misconfiguration in the kubelet that caused Kubernetes to garbage collect the pause image, which caused new containers to fail to start and get stuck in ContainerCreating.
```

> * Fixes a misconfiguration in the kubelet that caused Kubernetes to garbage collect the pause image, which caused new containers to fail to start and get stuck in ContainerCreating.

Reviewer 2: @ricardomaraschini is not missing here the text for the bug fix that motivates this release.
